Review of API docs (#2053)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Headless/API-Documentation/api/content/index.md

## Update content

> Updates an existing content item with one or more language variations. 

Author: ```suggestion
Updates an existing content item that has one or more language variations. 
```

> // sounds a little like it will update the content item with more languages? Is that the point?

Author: ```suggestion
```
